[tempest_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/tempest.xml
title = The Tempest [Moby]

[julius_caesar_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/j_caesar.xml
title = Julius Caesar [Moby]

[two_gentlemen_of_verona_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/two_gent.xml
title = Two Gentlemen of Verona [Moby]

[comedy_of_errors_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/com_err.xml
title = A Comedy of Errors [Moby]

[cymbeline_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/cymbelin.xml
title = Cymbeline [Moby]

[loves_labors_lost_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/lll.xml
title = Love's Labor's Lost [Moby]

[henry_v_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_v.xml
title = Henry V [Moby]

[twelfth_night_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/t_night.xml
title = Twelfth Night [Moby]

[merchant_of_venice_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/merchant.xml
title = The Merchant of Venice [Moby]

[hamlet_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hamlet.xml
title = Hamlet [Moby]

[alls_well_that_ends_well_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/all_well.xml
title = All's Well That Ends Well [Moby]

[winters_tale_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/win_tale.xml
title = The Winter's Tale [Moby]

[life_and_death_of_king_john_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/john.xml
title = The Life and Death of King John [Moby]

[pericles_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/pericles.xml
title = Pericles [Moby]

[othello_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/othello.xml
title = Othello [Moby]

[henry_viii_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_viii.xml
title = Henry VIII [Moby]

[timon_of_athens_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/timon.xml
title = Timon of Athens [Moby]

[henry_iv_part_i_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_iv_1.xml
title = Henry IV, Part I [Moby]

[henry_vi_part_2_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_vi_2.xml
title = Henry VI, Part 2 [Moby]

[richard_ii_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/rich_ii.xml
title = Richard II [Moby]

[henry_vi_part_1_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_vi_1.xml
title = Henry VI, Part 1 [Moby]

[romeo_and_juliet_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/r_and_j.xml
title = Romeo and Juliet [Moby]

[taming_of_the_shrew_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/taming.xml
title = The Taming of the Shrew [Moby]

[as_you_like_it_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/as_you.xml
title = As You Like It [Moby]

[macbeth_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/macbeth.xml
title = Macbeth [Moby]

[merry_wives_of_windsor_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/m_wives.xml
title = The Merry Wives of Windsor [Moby]

[henry_iv_part_ii_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_iv_2.xml
title = Henry IV, Part II [Moby]

[measure_for_measure_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/m_for_m.xml
title = Measure for Measure [Moby]

[midsummer_nights_dream_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/dream.xml
title = A Midsummer Night's Dream [Moby]

[antony_and_cleopatra_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/a_and_c.xml
title = Antony and Cleopatra [Moby]

[lear_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/lear.xml
title = King Lear [Moby]

[richard_iii_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/rich_iii.xml
title = Richard III [Moby]

[much_ado_about_nothing_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/much_ado.xml
title = Much Ado About Nothing [Moby]

[coriolanus_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/coriolan.xml
title = Coriolanus [Moby]

[titus_andronicus_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/titus.xml
title = Titus Andronicus [Moby]

[henry_vi_part_3_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_vi_3.xml
title = Henry VI, Part 3 [Moby]

[troilus_and_cressida_moby]
notes = Moby/Bosak Shakespeare, sourced from http://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/troilus.xml
title = Troilus and Cressida [Moby]

